First, we found the factors that the income level, the spending level, the number of
businesses, and the size of workforce in the pertinent region were influence to the size of a
bank’s market


 population, income, branch function, competition, land value, and future
development potential, etc. 

Huff suggested the traffic hours and the type of traded goods as the
contributing factors. 

 the geographical
characteristics of a location as another significant factor

customer
characteristics and the branch characteristics( the number of branches of other financial
institutions in the region is an important factor) as two significant location factors.

they had first selected the regional economic foundation, the regional economic strength, and the demand inductivity as the detailed location factors of a bank branch, which then formed
the basis of the analysis



This study is based on the data that was gathered in Seoul region at the end of 2004. The
data can be classified into three types.
The first type of data relates to the characteristics of administrative district. Here, the
information about the population, the number of businesses and employees, the income, and
the spending patterns are included. 
factors that influence a bank’s profitability. This data was constructed by incorporating the
data from the National Statistical Office and the consumer surveys.
The second type is the Inter-regional financial transaction data. This was produced by
gathering and processing the financial transaction information between the administrative
districts. This data indicates the frequency of financial transactional relationship between
districts. The more detailed form of data takes the binary format, which indicates the
existence of relationships between administrative districts. This data was gathered by
analyzing the customer transaction logs for Bank A to understand the inter-district transaction
patterns and to use it in building a branch strategy.
The third type of data includes information regarding the quantity and the size of banks
within each administrative district. This data was conjectured by incorporating the data from
the Bank’s association and the consumer surveys. 






api: AIzaSyBwHgotLbWEXP4VM_KAM7gc0icK28wAxgo